State explicitly where we take the tarball URL (#799)
packit/packit.dev: docs/configuration/index.md

#### upstream_project_url

(*string*) URL of the upstream git project (e.g.

> `https://github.com/packit/packit`). This isn't the URL to the upstream project tarball.
> The URL to the upstream project tarball is taken from the specfile when needed.

Reviewer: This is not really true for upstream jobs. There the tarball is generated and a potential URL in spec file is overwritten with it.

```suggestion
`https://github.com/packit/packit`).

:::info

Do not confuse this with the URL of upstream tarball. In case of `propose_downstream`, `pull_from_upstream`, `koji_build` and `bodhi_update` jobs, upstream tarball URL is taken from spec file or from [sources](#sources).

:::
```
